{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Get picture of winter tires.\par
Get warranty details. \par
Get how the payment and transfer will work. \par
\par
\f1\par
\par
\ul\b\f0\lang4105 Make and Model\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Every car ad should begin with the basics, beginning with the year, make, model, mileage, and body style (also known as \ldblquote category\rdblquote ). Include the trim or version of your model, as it makes a difference in the value\f0\lang1033 .\f1\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\f0\lang1033\tab\tab Hyundai Kona Electric Preferred 2021 SUV.\par
\par
\ul\b Price\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \f1\lang9 List the asking price. State the asking price at the beginning of the classified car ad, along with the basic specs. Begin by posting your Blue Book Value followed by your asking price, and add an explanation as to why you\rquote re asking for more or less than the Blue Book Value.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang1033\tab The Canadian Black Book value is $xxx and I am asking $31,000. \f1\lang9\par
\ul\b\f0\lang4105 Why am I selling\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par
\f0\lang1033 I am selling this vehicle because I will be working remotely and don't require a daily driver anymore. \par
\par
\ul\b Gas Mileage\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Show off good gas mileage. If your car gets a high number of miles per gallon (MPG), be sure to mention it in your description. Fuel-efficient vehicles are in demand.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105\tab\tab\f1\lang9 1.96 L/100km\f0\lang4105  (\f1\lang9 120 MPGe\f0\lang4105 )\par
\par
\ul\b Range\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105 Range: 431Km even in the winter. \f1\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\f0\lang4105 Warranty\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Include any warranty information. If your car is still under warranty, the warranty is transferable, and you have the paperwork. List what type of coverage your car has and for how long. For example:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105\tab Transferrable warranty. \f1\lang9 5,000 miles remain on the bumper-to-bumper warranty\f0\lang4105 6 Years, \tab bumper to bumper. X years or Xkm left.\par
\tab 10 battery warrantee. \par
\tab Power trin warrantee: \f1\lang9 Three months left on powertrain warranty\par
\par
\ul\b\f0\lang4105 Condition\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Provide an honest assessment of the car\rquote s condition. It\rquote s essential to honestly assess the condition of your vehicle when writing a classified ad. It would also be wise to include your car\rquote s vehicle identification number (VIN). A VIN will allow the potential buyer to run it through a vehicle history report to see if it has been totaled or flooded in the past.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105\tab This vechicle is in excellent condition and looks like a brand new car at first glance.  The paint is nearly perfect, except for some minor stone chips. The upholstery is perfect and there are no stains or tears. There is hardly any rust, even on the underarriage. Before purchasing this car from a Hyundai dealership four months agao, I had it examined by a third party agency and the vehcial was deemed as nearly perfect. I still have the report for you to see. \par
This car has a perfect carfax record and there are no accidents or other issues. \f1\lang9\par

\pard\li1440\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105 VIN: KM8K23AG9MU113181\f1\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105 Battery: The battery is excellent and it has a range of 435KM (please see images) even in the winter. You will only need to charge once per week. \par
\par
There are no issues with the climate controls, breaks, window wipers, etc. Everthing works perfectly. \par
Highway miles. \par
\par
Non-smoker, no pets or children. In fact, I am more or less the only person that every uses this car. \f1\lang9\par
\ul\b How to Address Price Negotiations and Payments\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Set your negotiating terms. State whether the price is \ldblquote firm,\rdblquote  \ldblquote negotiable,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote best offer\rdblquote  \emdash  as this will help you target the right buyers for you\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\f0\lang4105 There is some flexibility on price, because the windows are tinted and you may want to have this tint removed. \f1\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Define acceptable payment forms. Let people know upfront what payment you will and will not accept. For example: \ldblquote I will not accept foreign money orders or personal checks.\rdblquote  Don\rquote t take personal checks due to fraud. Consider contactless payments from such services as PayPal, Venmo, or Zelle, or cashier\rquote s checks because these forms of payment come directly from financial institutions to your account without ever sharing personal banking information.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\lang4105\par
\ul\b Features\ulnone\b0\par
Remote climate control via free modbile app. This allows you to pre heat or cool the car, which is especially helpful in the winter because all the ice and snow is much easier to remove. \par
Android and Apple Auto. \par
Comes with good Snow tires. (What type?)\par
\par
Side air  bags, lane assist, front-collision assist. \f1\lang9\par
\ul\b\f0\lang4105\par
Include Pictures\ulnone\b0\f1\lang9\par
Because ads with photos typically get twice the response of ads that do not include pictures, it\rquote s important to include them. Photos help buyers become familiar with the car so they can imagine owning it.\par
Be sure to post quality photos after you\rquote ve cleaned your vehicle inside and out. Photos taken on a cloudy day tend to work better, as there\rquote s not as much glare. Avoid frustrating buyers with pictures that are blurry or lack detail. Make sure your photos are close-up and clear enough to show the vehicle\rquote s condition accurately.\par
\ul\b Avoid Common Pitfalls\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1     Don\rquote t list your car for two different prices in two places. If buyers see the price difference, they may become distrustful of you.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1     Don\rquote t forget to post quality photos. Search engines view ads with pictures and place them high on the search engine listing.\par
    Don\rquote t overprice your car and expect it to sell right away.\par
    Don\rquote t change your price every two days. Buyers will think you\rquote re not serious or your ad isn\rquote t legitimate. Many buyers watch ads for several days or weeks.\par
    Don\rquote t neglect your car\rquote s unique options, like a GPS, side airbags, or outstanding gas mileage.\par
    Don\rquote t list your car in multiple places if you do not have time to manage the calls or update your classified car ad.\par
\par
\ul\b Sample Classified Car Ad\par
\ulnone\b0 Selling to get a family car \emdash  just had first child. 33 MPG and runs great. All scheduled maintenance, including regular oil changes. Maintenance records and mechanical inspection report available. Highway miles. Ice cold A/C. Non-smoker. Interior in excellent shape. Scratch on right side of car from a minor fender bender. No frame damage. Perfect first car. Added snow tires in 2021. Price negotiable. Accepting Cashier\rquote s Check only.\par
\par
\f0\par
}
 